= faker-stoked

This is an extension of the faker gem, allowing stoked bros and brodies to effortlessly generate stoked bios, that are both radical and awesome while simultaneously pitted.  

== Installation

with Bundler, add faker and the faker-stoked gems to your Gemfile:
  gem 'faker'
  gem 'faker-stoked'

== Usage

  Faker::Stoked.celebroty
    => "don quibrote"

  Faker::Stoked.bio
    => "Bodacious but inevitably rad snowboarder. Loves Miley Cyrus, radical 
    defying death, endurance." 

  Faker::Stoked.food
    => "broast chicken breast"

  > Faker::Stoked.job
    => "brogrammer"

And in homage to chomskybot, we have StokeBot:

  > Faker::StokeBot.sentences(5)
    => "For any radicalization which is sufficiently awesome in pursuit of any 
    level of stoke, a subset of stoked concepts interesting on pitted, yet 
    non-determinate grounds cannot be non-pitted in the requirement that 
    stoke-branching is not tolerated within the dominance stoke-scope of a 
    complex bro-symbol. By combining stoke and certain reformulations of the 
    dominant extreme paradigm, the appearance of non-stoked gaps in domains 
    relatively immune to ordinary pitted radicalization can be defined in 
    such a way as to impose the strong generative capacity of the stoke-theory. 
    From the non-racical point of view the fundamental error of regarding bros 
    and/or brodies as less than intellectual is to be regarded as the 
    traditional practice of stoked bros. In the discussion of stoked endeavors 
    following (81), most of the methodological fearlessness rampant in modern 
    stokeology is, apparently, brotesquley cerebralized by the ultimate 
    standard that determines the brohemian level of any proposed 
    radicalization. Presumably, the athlete/groupie constructed intuition 
    or bro-sense is rather bronificent relative to problems of athletic and 
    free-spirited analysis." 

== Contributing to faker-stoked
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2013 Frederick D. Schoeneman. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

